# Metrim™ Paper
For my IA I decided to create a Python program that would help convert units of measurements from imperial to metric. I started off by contacting a client and asked for what problems my client had in her day to day life that can be solved using a simple computer program. An interview was held with my client on Thursday 18 of October to identify an everyday problem. My client already had a clear goal that she wanted to solve, which was to convert imperial units to the metric due to my clients move from Europe here. Although simple in execution, I realized that there's value in creating one single program that could calculate all conversions and do it offline if necessary. Therefore, I started working on the project and I could pretty quickly start Beta testing. The feedback was mainly positive, but the main problem was that the software had too many options since I integrated a lot of different conversions, which increased the complexity for the end user. Therefore I consulted my client and removed the unnecessary conversions to make the program easier and faster to use. The second version of the was now more optimized for my client and I had also managed to optimize the code itself making it more efficient (less code). The program became more suited for my client and only has the conversions that she needs and uses. However, there was an problem that I realized could be a problem in the beginning of my programming, which is for the overall usability for the end user. The average person rarely uses a terminal or use the terminal to execute and use a Python program. Therefore, I decided partly due to the simplicity of my program in the end to create a simple GUI to make the program easy to use. I used the in-built Tkinter module to create my program in. Unfortunately, I was never able to finalize a prototype and bring it out for my client to test. 
